Okay, so in the website customization form, when I save an image currently, it works, but it doesn't add the base or whatever into the next config for images. I kind of want that to be automated for the form. The analytics on the time still wasn't working at all. It just says average time, zero seconds. So, you know, what I'd like is, you know, how it says total views and then sessions, something where, you know, it logs each time they view the site, or like somewhere where I can click on each individual session, and then it shows me like their location, if we can do that, what type of phone they have, or if they're on a computer, etc., and then how long they are on the site for that individual visit, or, you know, think about other things we can do just to enhance that. I would like to add the review data, like the R30, R60, R90, etc., into the database, the company's table, the database. I would like… Have on the contact card for the businesses. Right now, how it has location, phone, and reviews is good, but I would also like it to show their current website URL if it has it, or if it doesn't. If they don't have a website, say like no website, I would like it to show their photo count, and that review data like you know R30, R60, R90, the one for the year, etc., and also show their total reviews and their rating. And I would also like to be able to filter, you know, now how we have Alabama and Arkansas, and then you have all businesses has custom site, no custom site. I don't even know what the hell that is. It only has two businesses that has a custom site. Uh, but basically all the things that I just mentioned filter off that. I guess, you know, you can think how to do that, like, you know, has a site, doesn't have a site, has certain rating, or certain amount of reviews where, like, I can type in that amount or, like, photo count, etc., where I can type in that amount and it filters just that. Um, and, like, combine those filters. And one more thing would be filtering by the tracking, like if it's turned on.